Hello!
In Washington, D.C., there are many places that bring history to life.
But people who live here often do not have time to see them.
They are too busy with work-- like me.
Hi, Marsha!
●●●
●●
●
Hi, Anna! Have a seat.
Thanks. This was a good idea.
Working outdoors is nice.
●●●
●●
●
Um-hum, it is.
I am tired.
Today was a busy day at work.
And I still have work to do!
●●●
●●
●
Hmm, that’s too bad.
How are you these days?
●●●
●●
●
I'm really busy too, Anna.
Let’s get to work.
Marsha, look!
That bus has a photo of Abraham Lincoln!
●●●
●●
●
That’s an advertisement for Ford’s Theatre.
They have a new show.
They have shows where Abraham Lincoln died?
●●●
●●
●
Yeah, it’s a working theater and a museum.
I love Lincoln.
You know, Marsha, that advertisement reminds me of something.
●●●
●●
●
Um-hum. What’s that?
When I was a little girl…
I was not like other children.
●●●
●●
●
Um-hum, I can believe that.
I was a tall, serious child.
At the playground the other children played silly games.
They played with dart guns.
They played on the swings, the slide and the teeter-totter.
They also played ball.
But not me.
I loved to read serious books about U.S. presidents.
In fact, I wanted to be… don’t laugh… President of the United States.
Stop! I know it’s a silly childhood dream.
●●●
●●
●
I’m sorry.
It’s not silly.
Guess what I wanted to be?
What?
●●●
●●
●
When I was a kid, I studied the stars and planets.
I wanted to fly into outer space!
You know, Marsha, childhood dreams are really important.
●●●
●●
●
They are. And it’s good to remember them.
Hey! I have an idea. Let’s go.
●●●
●●
●
Go where?
Let’s go make our childhood dreams come true.
●●●
●●
●
We’re going to the Air & Space Museum! Yes!
No. We’re going to see a show at Ford’s Theatre just like Abraham Lincoln did when he died!
It’s not far from here.
●●●
●●
●
Uh huh. That is your childhood dream.
Good point.
Okay, next week, we'll come here and be astronauts.
●●●
●●
●
Honestly?
Honestly.
Tonight we are seeing a show at Ford’s Theatre, where a man shot President Abraham Lincoln.
This is history come to life… and a childhood dream come true!
Until next time…